Reflection for Module 11
This activity aims to encourage metacognition and connect new knowledge with prior experiences. Write a reflection (around 200-250 words) based on what you learned from this module. In your reflection, be sure to include the following:
•	How did creating and validating your new calculation model expand your database and Pydantic expertise?
    o	Going through the code and making it ready for the tests, security scan, and deployment was helped a lot in understanding how database schemas and Pydantic models complement each other.  It also reinforced the understanding the role of type enforcement, data cleaning, and error handling play in building robust data models.
•	Reflect on how unit/integration testing, Docker-based CI, and security considerations played a role—even though no routes exist yet.
    o	From what I can tell, the unit/integration testing, Docker-based CI, and security considerations played a role – even though no routes exist yet, is essentially laying down the groundwork for us in the future to always be security focused as well as conscious about continuous integration for an overall safer and better application/product.
•	How do you leverage your prior experience (e.g., a basic Python calculator) to implement polymorphic logic or a factory pattern for the new model?
    o	Concerning my prior experience with the basic Python calculator, I felt that it helped me greatly to understand fundamentally the broader implementation of polymorphic logic or factory patterns for this more professional/complete model. It helped me understand how operations should work and be mapped in regard to specific functions.  Additionally, it made it easier to adapt to the new model as it taught us that each calculation type can have its own logic.
•	Note any hurdles (e.g., referencing a user, the factory pattern, test environment setup) and how you overcame them.
    o	Finally, the hurdles I faced came mainly from the test environment setup as this code is by and large provided and our main focus was ensuring that it could be test successfully, scan for security purposes successfully, and be successfully deployed.  For instance, we all faced the issue in our workflow security scan portion that caused a failure and thus did not allow us to deploy but after implementing the fixes/updates to the requirements .txt file we ran into 0 errors and no need for a work around like before.
